Suntans Plugin for Visit

Prerequisites:
 VisIt version 2.x, with the libraries and matching compiler 
   to allow building plugins.

 cmake


Compiling:

  <path-to-visit-binaries>/xml2info -clobber suntans.xml
  <path-to-visit-binaries>/xml2cmake -clobber suntans.xml
  cmake .
  make

  # this should compile and install the plugin
  
Running:

    Options...Plugin Manager...Databases
       -> Suntans should show up in this list (if not, check startup messagse
          for possible errors loading the plugin).  Make sure it's enabled.

    Then go to File...Open, select the suntans.dat file (must be in the same
    directory as the output files), and select the suntans plugin (instead of
    guessing by file type).

    Several file format plugins claim the *.dat filename extension, so you either
    have to delete the TFT plugin, or always manually choose the format as above.

    If it successfully loaded the run, the Plot button should be enabled.  Click
    on it, select Pseudocolor...freesurface.  Then click 'Draw'.  You can now use
    the timeline slider to navigate through timesteps.
   

  Current capabilities:
    Can read data from runs that have not started, are in progress, or are finished.
    The plugin itself is not parallelized, but it can read multiple subdomains from
    a parallel run and visit will stitch them together.

    Available fields:
     surface u,v velocity
     3D u,v,w (less tested)
     bathymetry
     plot points from depth.dat
     freesurface
     wireframe of the mesh itself
     salinity
     temperature
     nu_T

    Fields from store.dat.* files:
     face-normal velocity
     freesurface
     salinity

  Visit also makes available some automatic fields, including some mesh quality
    variables.

Caveats:

SUNTANS is an evolving model.  Some aspects of the plugin make assumptions
about what version of SUNTANS you're using.  It has been tested with the 
UC Berkeley development branch, but may work with others.

  
  
    



